README.md, before:

# Hanna-Med RPA Agent

Agente de automatización robótica (RPA) para la obtención de credenciales médicas en sistemas EMR de hospitales de Florida.

## Descripción

Este RPA automatiza el proceso de login, navegación y captura de información en los portales de credenciales de tres hospitales:

- **Baptist Health South Florida**
- **Jackson Health System**
- **Steward Health Care**

## Requisitos

- Python 3.10+
- Acceso VDI a los sistemas hospitalarios
- Credenciales de AWS S3 (para almacenamiento de capturas)

## Instalación

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Uso

El agente se ejecuta como un servicio FastAPI que recibe webhooks desde n8n:

```bash
python -m uvicorn api:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
```

También incluye una interfaz gráfica (GUI) para monitoreo:

```bash
python gui.py
```

## Estructura

```
├── api/          # Endpoints FastAPI
├── core/         # Motor RPA base
├── flows/        # Flujos por hospital (baptist, jackson, steward)
├── services/     # Servicios auxiliares
└── images/       # Imágenes de referencia para detección
```

## Configuración

Las configuraciones se manejan en `rpa_config.json` y variables de entorno en `.env`.

Commit message:

refactor: Translate all Spanish content to English
- Rename image files from Spanish to English (10 files):
  - step4_sesion_meditech.png -> step4_session_meditech.png
  - step7_lista.png -> step7_list.png
  - status_sesion_abierta.png -> status_session_open.png
  - reset_sesion_btn.png -> reset_session_btn.png
  - terminate_sesion_btn.png -> terminate_session_btn.png

- Update rpa_config.json:
  - Rename config keys to English
  - Update image paths to match renamed files
  - Change timeout key 'lista' to 'list'

- Update flows/steward.py:
  - Rename method step_8_click_lista() to step_8_click_list()
  - Update all config references to use English keys

- Translate other files:
  - README.md: Full translation to English
  - installer/installer.nsi: Change language and messages
  - tools/roi_calibrator.py: Translate comments and UI strings
  - hannamed-rpa.spec: Translate comments
  - .github/workflows/release.yml: Translate release notes

README.md, after:

# Hanna-Med RPA Agent

Robotic Process Automation (RPA) agent for obtaining medical credentials in EMR systems of Florida hospitals.

## Description

This RPA automates the login, navigation, and information capture process in credential portals of three hospitals:

- **Baptist Health South Florida**
- **Jackson Health System**
- **Steward Health Care**

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- VDI access to hospital systems
- AWS S3 credentials (for screenshot storage)

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

The agent runs as a FastAPI service that receives webhooks from n8n:

```bash
python -m uvicorn api:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
```

It also includes a graphical user interface (GUI) for monitoring:

```bash
python gui.py
```

## Structure

```
├── api/          # FastAPI endpoints
├── core/         # Base RPA engine
├── flows/        # Hospital-specific flows (baptist, jackson, steward)
├── services/     # Auxiliary services
└── images/       # Reference images for detection
```

## Configuration

Settings are managed in `rpa_config.json` and environment variables in `.env`.
